Fix Product Form Fields showing double Asterisk (#1917)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/gentle-chefs-sell.md

---
"@comet/admin": major
---

> Remove `requiredSymbol` Prop from `FieldContainer` component and use native implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the `requiredSymbol` prop from `FieldContainer` and use MUIs native implementation
```
